README - Naveen Selvadurai (naveen@socialight.com) - May 12, 2008

"socialight" is an open-source, location-aware mobile client built on
top of the Socialight API.

To run the code successfully, you'll need to be a registered developer
of Socialight and will need access to some keys:

- Server. Identified as APP_SERVER in the JAD file. This should be
  set to 'socialight.com'.

- Auth Token. Identified as AUTH_TOKEN in the JAD file. This is unique for
  each user of the application. You can get the AUTH_TOKEN by
  authenticating a user using /api/profile.

- Application ID. Identified as APP_ID in the JAD file. This is unique
  for each application. You can register an application ID on Socialight's
  Developer page: http://socialight.com/api. You'll need to be a
  registered user of Socialight before you get access to this page.

Some additional notes about this release:

- It's been tested on and meant to run well on Nokia N-Series handsets.
  It works best with the Nokia N95 (both in terms of UI layout and with
  key mappings) as this was the handset used to do most of the testing.

- This does not use a custom font and instead relies on the default
  handset font. The application tries to take font size into account when
  drawing elements but sometimes this auto-layout may not be optimal,
  especially on handsets with large default fonts.

- This hasn't been documented elsewhere, but should you need to, it is
  possible to override some basic navigation keys using identifiers in
  the JAD file.

  For instance, the Motorola RAZR requires a different set of mappings
  for the softkeys and the OK button. To specify this remap in the JAD
  file, specify these properties:

    Setting-Keycode-Ok: -20
	Setting-Keycode-Left-Softkey: -21
    Setting-Keycode-Right-Softkey: -22

- The application uses a token-based auto-login method to authenticate
  the user with the server. The good thing about this design is that the
  user never has to be prompted to enter login details on the handset
  (we've always thought that password entry on a mobile phone is rather
  clumsy). Authentication details should be passed using the properties
  file:

    Socialight-Auth-Token: AUTH_TOKEN

  This is the main reason the application and the deployment URL cannot
  be shared with anyone else.

- The application uses a Java source tree that's meant to work with
  Eclipse (along with EclipseME). Optionally, you can use ProGuard?
  (http://proguard.sourceforge.net/) to obfuscate your code. The setup
  of this environment is beyond the scope of this document.

A usage guide for the application can be found at
  http://socialight.com/help/java

For more details on the API, please consult the documentation at
  http://socialight.com/help/api

A mailing list for developers is at
  http://groups.google.com/group/socialight-developers

